Welcome to the class!
In this class we are going to learn about numbers.
Numbers are
Now let us see each numbers individually.
The symbol displayed on the box is the first number.
This number is called one.
This number represents a quantity of one real world object.
Forexample, one bird, one lion, one orangeor one banana.
To see what is inside the box. Say One out loud.
You are wrong. please try again. say One out loud.
Oow! you have got One Bird. As you can see the number one represents One bird. good let us see the next number. 
The symbol displayed on the box is the second number. It's name is Two. this number represents two real objects. Two birds, two bananas... and so on.
To see what is inside the box or to know what the number two represents say Two out loud.
You are wrong. please try again. say Two out loud.
Oow! One,two. you have got two birds. As you can see the number two represents two quantity of birds. good let us see the next number.
The symbol displayed on the box is the third number. It's name is Three. this number represents three real world objects. three birds or three bananas... and so on.
To see what is inside the box or to know what the number three represents say Three out loud.
You are wrong. please try again. say three out loud.
Oow! One,two,three. you have got three birds. As you can see the number three represents three quantity of birds. good let us see the next number.
The symbol displayed on the box is the fourth number. It's name is Four. this number represents four of  real world objects. four birds, four lions or four bananas... and so on.
To see what is inside the box or to know what the number four represents say four out loud.
You are wrong. please try again. say four out loud.
Oow! One,two,three, four. you have got four birds. As you can see the number four represents four quantity of birds. good let us see the next number. 
The last number we are going learn is number zero.
It's name is Zero. this number doesnt represents anything. it's value is nothing.
To see what is inside the box or to know what the number zeor represents say zero out loud.
You are wrong. please try again. say zero out loud.
There is no birds. As you can see the number zero represents nothing.
Well, we have finished our class. It was a nice time with you.
Now let us going play a puzzle game.
(zero/one/two/three/four)
